Mom, 1 point.
Mom, are you all right?
What's the matter with me?
Didn't you say mom was critically ill?
It's just an excuse
There's something else calling you back
What's up
Your son who wasn't killed in the first place
It is said that he will be the grandson of the director
You can shout
We're going to have a good deal with him
He has been adrift for 10 years
Come back in less than a week
What did you mess with again?
Don't worry about it.
Just call him
Qin Zhan, what about the First Emperor you helped me make an appointment with?
How's it going?
Meifeng God of War said
Lord Yihuang will arrive in Dongcheng in the next few days
I will notify you to see him then.
Really? Can my words still be false?
Hello mom hello azar
You want to destroy our Dong family?
Come on, if my mom is missing a hair
I will destroy your Dong family
Good, you come now.